feat(copy/backport): allow to use destination branch name in title template (#2420)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/backport.rst

     - The pull request title.

As the ``title`` is a :ref:`template <data type template>`, you can
leverage any pull request attributes to use as content, e.g. ``{{author}}``.

> You can also ues this additional variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use this additional variable:
```

     - The pull request title.

> As the ``title`` uses on :ref:`data type template`, you can
> benefit from any pull request attributes, e.g. ``{{author}}``, and also this
> additional variable:
> 
>     * ``{{ destination_branch }}`` the name of destination branch.
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the ``title`` is a :ref:`template <data type template>`, you can
leverage any pull request attributes to use as content, e.g. ``{{author}}``.
You can also ues this additional variable:

    * ``{{ destination_branch }}``: the name of destination branch.

```
